Add protobuf-net code-first to README.md (#2644)
grpc/grpc-dotnet: README.md

dotnet test Grpc.DotNet.sln
```

### Alternative implementation using Code-First (external library)

An alternative way to use gRPC in .NET is to define the Protobuf contracts directly in C# using [protobuf-net](https://github.com/protobuf-net/protobuf-net.Grpc).

> For more information, see the documentation on [learn.microsoft.com](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/grpc/code-first) or the [protobuf-net.Grpc repository](https://protobuf-net.github.io/protobuf-net.Grpc/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the documentation on [learn.microsoft.com](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/grpc/code-first) or the [protobuf-net.Grpc website](https://protobuf-net.github.io/protobuf-net.Grpc/).
```

dotnet test Grpc.DotNet.sln
```

### Alternative implementation using Code-First (external library)

> An alternative way to use gRPC in .NET is to declare the Protobuf classes in C#, using [Mark Gravell](https://github.com/mgravell)'s [protobuf-net](https://github.com/protobuf-net/protobuf-net.Grpc).
> 
> Here as an example:
> 
> For more information read the docs [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/grpc/code-first) or [here](https://protobuf-net.github.io/protobuf-net.Grpc/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative way to use gRPC in .NET is to define the Protobuf contracts directly in C# using [protobuf-net](https://github.com/protobuf-net/protobuf-net.Grpc).

For more information, see the documentation on [learn.microsoft.com](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/grpc/code-first) or the [protobuf-net.Grpc repository](https://protobuf-net.github.io/protobuf-net.Grpc/).
```
